Lilliana Robinson: So I'm recording this solely so that the people who present can watch back the feedback that they get
Lilliana Robinson: so the whole purpose. Let's see, maybe I'll give like a couple of seconds. I see some more people joining.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay.
Lilliana Robinson: the whole purpose of this session. This is a session I made, probably like 4 or 5 programs ago, because I noticed that while we have a bunch of pitch practices and lots of opportunities to hear feedback on the pitches as well as QA. With your Eir. We didn't have as many opportunities to have checkpoints for the video. It was kind of like we just talked about it once, and then people had to have it made. So I added, this, this is probably one of the only times that, as a group will talk about the video together.
Lilliana Robinson: But after this you guys are welcome to asynchronously. Send lots and lots of drafts, either in your base camp. Actually, that's the place. You should put it your base camp individual project
Lilliana Robinson: and ask for feedback. We will really enjoy reviewing them and giving you guys feedback as well as you'll have one on one calls in like week, 11, where we'll also look through your video.
Lilliana Robinson: But today the purpose is really to start. So
Lilliana Robinson: usually, people have very little today, it's okay. If you have very little, some people might have already started a draft of a video that's not required. I call it a storyboard walkthrough. Basically like Troy was saying about pitches.
Lilliana Robinson: black text on white background, mapping out what you're gonna say. That's kind of what I want to see for the storyboard. So a lot of people just kind of have like slides. And it's like we're gonna have this person. And then we're gonna say something about this overview this if you have more than that, that's great.
Lilliana Robinson: If you have nothing, and you want to just talk through a concept that's cool, too, the whole purpose. A lot of people said they don't have anything, and they're here to hear everybody else's ideas. That's great. So I want not just me to be talking. I want everyone to be giving feedback because the better everyone's videos are
Lilliana Robinson: the better. Everyone's whole demo days sets are, and the more engaging the whole event is, and we really want it to be extremely engaging. We want the audience to really think really highly of your whole class and be very impressed. So we're gonna be rising tide, lifting all boats here.
Lilliana Robinson: Some of you have a lot of experience. Some of you have no experience. Making videos doesn't matter. You don't have to have experience to give critique because the audience will be just regular people.
Lilliana Robinson: So just let your classmates know what you think. You all are pretty familiar with each other's businesses as well. So we want it to represent the
Lilliana Robinson: company as well as well. So when you present, I think you should start with kind of your goal for Demo Day, because that will set the context.
Lilliana Robinson: your goal does not have to be money. It's it's great. If it is a lot of our founders. Goals are usually acquiring customers. Whether that's B, 2 B or B to C acquiring partners.
Lilliana Robinson: Getting key strategic angels just raising around in general, getting strategic mentors or advisors that they know are in the audience. I've had a few founders who they just kind of have everything all set. They are acquiring customers they don't want to raise, but they want key advisors and mentors that they know will be in the audience. That's great, too. So whatever it is, let us know so that we can tailor the video toward that. And we can kind of discuss. We'll do like
Lilliana Robinson: 3 ish, take like 2 min to present 2 or 3 min, and then we'll do a couple of minutes of feedback, so we'll do like 5 min each and we should be able to get through a good chunk of you guys. So we already had a few people, volunteered
Lilliana Robinson: Antonio. Then Merta, then Art.
Lilliana Robinson: and then after that it'll be a jump ball, and I'll just let you guys raise your hand.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay? Positive finance already?
Lilliana Robinson: Asked me as well.
Lilliana Robinson: So we'll do Antonio Niertra Art, and then positive finance. And then from there we'll just raise hands. So, Antonio, the floor is yours.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: So should I share the slide. The Powerpoint slide.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, whatever you have, and tell us what your goal is as a company for demo day.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: So yeah, our goal for the our goal is a company of Go for Demo Day, right? Or.
Lilliana Robinson: Your goal for Demo day.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Go for them a day. We would like to launch the wait list the the Vip wait list campaign.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: So we'll basically tell people, you know, commit to 20 to $50 to get a spot for getting our wearable
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: and then also start net networking with the Vcs
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: we're gonna start a fundraising in September. But we would like to start getting some warm intros to
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: potential investors.
Lilliana Robinson: And will your video or your pitch be first? I forgot. You should also say that.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Your pitch will be first, and then the video.
Lilliana Robinson: Great. Okay. Talk us through it.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Okay, good. So the video is as follows,
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: so the first section is basically what the problem is more in details. So and we we're thinking we we found a very what we call oxygen user. And out of our Jtbd interviews.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: And he's like, super like, really. So we're gonna start with with his voice recorded
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: telling what his problem is. We stress. And he's using auto ring is just started started to use it. And so basically, it's bringing
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: is bringing all the emotions about the struggles that a typical ordering users would have like. That's that that cluster of users, at least, that is dealing with stress.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: And so we're thinking of having maybe his face or his video. We're going to record him on on Zoom with his voice.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: And so the first 15 s around that, and then the the voice over, Narrator says, like many of us, something of this line, this is still work in progress, but something like like many of us, Mark has been slightly battling stress that affects every part of his days. But
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: but what if there, there was a way to, not to just scope, but truly understand and managing stress, something like this.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: So that's the the first message. That's the problem. With some concrete emotions from a user.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Okay.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: any feedback so far? Or should I go through.
Lilliana Robinson: I think you should just speed, run through it. Just take like one more minute, show us everything, and then we'll do live.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Watch that.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Okay? So the second slide is, and this is very confidential, because we just just came out with the new industrial design. So but I'm I'm well, I welcome any feedback you guys might have on the industrial design as well. But please keep you very confidential, for now, because we're gonna announce it and demo day and and so the second part is, this is the this is the solution
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: that we are proposing. It's a wearable that you. It's it's hard to understand. Here, I'll I'll you know we're gonna have to refine. This with is just the first draft is basically a a ear cuff that you put on your ear
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: for both male and female audience customers. And so basically, this slide is saying, that aware measures your brain waves and
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: and and continuous monitor is designed for. Continue monitor continuously your emotions.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Then a little bit more details how the thing works. So there's 3 components. You can interchange the earcuff, have different colors, different styles
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: so it's a fashionable design for the for the wearable.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: And then the next slide is this is the solution from a software standpoint. So once once you read your brainwaves, our our app interprets, your your brain waves
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: and detects your emotional states say, but whether you're calm or alert, and then provides you with the with a calendar, so you can track your stress throughout the month, and also throughout the day.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: and and then provides you with actionable neurofeedback to enhance your mental well-being every day.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: And and finally, this is some use cases, some usage, you know, where we're gonna change this picture, but it's gonna be like, say, Ali, running by the Golden Gate and wearing aware, or or things like this, you know, like a a couple of live life situation, showing that you can actually track your brainwave every day. It's designed for everyday use and continuous monitoring.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: And then the final one is just sign up to our wait list.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: we. We have a limited an number of of spots in the wait list. So sign up today if you wanna reserve your spot to be the first one to use our wearable.
Lilliana Robinson: That's really cool, Antonio. So for the first slide
Lilliana Robinson: or the first quote, Mircha wanted to say something about that. Do you want to unmute Mircha.
Mircea Gogoncea: Yeah, sure, sure. Sure. I definitely encourage you to not not record him saying all that, and definitely not also narrate on top of that. That's way. Too many words. And that's gonna take up a majority of our video literally, just this quote with that narration, remember that the minutes of speaking is about the 100 words usually. So. This is.
Mircea Gogoncea: this is very, very long. It's great if you want to have it on screen. Even though I would encourage it to shorten it even there. But, there's just no time to read this up. Just keep that in mind.
Lilliana Robinson: Go ahead. Yeah, go ahead. On.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Go ahead!
Lilliana Robinson: I was. Gonna say, it's important to have that emotional pool. I think it needs to be cut down a lot, probably just like one sentence.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Yeah, I know. I agree, I agree, we just need to capture the the the main thing. We're gonna interview him again to see his progress after a couple of weeks. We just call the ordering, and we are hoping to get just
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: 10 s of emotions, like something like a really strong statement that says so. I mean, the first interview was was great.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Unfortunately, we didn't record it.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay. And you can always have a quote that you kind of remember. And you can have, like one of the founders here, record it for you. We've had founders do that before. As long as you're like making a fake name where it's like.
Lilliana Robinson: You remember what the customer said, but you can't get them to re-record it for you. So you have one of the pastmates here. Do it. Something like that.
Lilliana Robinson: That's like, Yeah.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Yeah. I wonder, I wonder if how good AI is in reproducing emotions, because his emotion was just so
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: beautiful, like he had really beautiful emotion, and we are kind of bumped out so that we didn't record it.
Lilliana Robinson: Oh, you might want to contact him.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: We do have a the transcripts so anyway, we we'll work it out. Otherwise. Hopefully, AI is advanced enough to reproduce the emotion.
Lilliana Robinson: Cool, so we're kinda out of time. But I'll take Bob and Fabian really quick. Go ahead, Bob.
Bob - DubPrime: Yeah, I I like what you were just saying. I think we're on the same page. I would say, separate from your video if you could make some
Bob - DubPrime: motion it'd be a little bit more engaging. So if he is like slouching, or if he's like doing a big sigh or something as you're talking about what he's going through. I think it could pull your audience into the narrative a little bit more versus a static image where he could just be bored on Facebook.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, I like that. You can get stock video.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: Of that. If I'll be honest.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Thank you.
Fabien | Positive Finance: Yeah, slide 3 and 4. It took me some time to understand where it was on the ear. I wonder if you you could maybe swap and start like a little bit like, since you have the the body first of the person.
Fabien | Positive Finance: then zoom in
Fabien | Positive Finance: that level, and then the device
Fabien | Positive Finance: after that to bit, to, to understand quick.
Fabien | Positive Finance: quickly
Fabien | Positive Finance: where where it goes. So like, you know, slide 2, the the person, then the e, and then the device
Fabien | Positive Finance: for the visuals.
Fabien | Positive Finance: Yeah, this.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Find that.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Yeah, that's a good point. Starting from like, we're gonna have to find out a way because we don't have the device yet is just a rendering attached to the it the device on a year, and and then see! See how it's used. And I agree. Thanks, Bobby, and appreciate it.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, just flipping those 2, cause I was wondering that, too, when you're on Slide 3 like I wasn't even listening to you. I was just like, Where does that go on? The body.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Yeah, what is this?
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah. Okay, cool.
Nelson Mitchell: Hire somebody to do an animation where you do like a spin of the product, to show the front in the back and then sliding onto the year right like. I don't know if that would be super expensive, but that would very quickly.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Yeah, we we have this one. But I think I I don't know if you have a if I have a second to show. But we have this, but it's
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: I think we're gonna redo it.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: we have this thing where?
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Yeah, there we go.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: But maybe she needs to be a little better.
Lilliana Robinson: Needs to be a little better. But that's a good idea.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: It can be a little better right?
Lilliana Robinson: You can pay someone to make that better. But that's kind of what Nelson and Bobby on our site.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, thank you for starting us, Antonio. This was great, so I'm really glad to see this is just first draft. It's going to get so much better. So as you start making formal drafts. Send them to us, and we'll give you feedback.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Thank you.
Lilliana Robinson: Mitcha.
Mircea Gogoncea: Alright, everybody. So this is a draft from based on our existing promo video. Imagine that we're gonna go pitch first and then. I might even have a guitar as a prop or something like that.
Mircea Gogoncea: And the idea that will transition from the pitch to the video will be that I'll say so. When I go to my gig I bring a QR code, and this happens, or I bring a tapable card, and this happens, and then this will start playing. This might be a little choppy. Let's see if it works. Can you see it move? Is it animated.
Lilliana Robinson: We can see it.
Mircea Gogoncea: Okay, cool. So, this is, this shows the actual product in in action. It's too much text. So I'm gonna cut the text down and narrate over it and say, You know, we let musicians sell products and services, and then you'll see something like this, and then I'll narrate
Mircea Gogoncea: over the next thing, and be like integrations with on demand merge providers, 7 fulfillment centers, and then the next thing there'll be a narration and stock sound on top of it as well. They can sell, you know, goods and services and other stuff
Mircea Gogoncea: again. Short, fewer words on the on the screen. And this I'll take, you know, cut down some of it. It can show people interactive media to get them to give you your their emails. You can show them. You know, live real time lyrics, fewer words. But this, basically this animation
Mircea Gogoncea: and then at the end with the purpose of
Mircea Gogoncea: knowing every one of your fans.
Mircea Gogoncea: adding them to your mailing or phone list.
Mircea Gogoncea: and selling more and making more money out of every gig or something like that. So this is right now. 40 s. There's a little bit of time here. I just wanna let it loop for a while. And the idea is that I will transition sort of seamlessly by explaining how I use it at my performances.
Mircea Gogoncea: Narrate on top of it, have some applause and stuff, you know, going going at the same time. And I'm thinking I'm gonna record the narration as part of the soundtrack so that I don't have to bother with like levels and stuff like balancing the level of the video, because I don't know what kind of sound engineers are gonna have on the day, and I've had bad experiences in the past. I'm sure they're gonna be great, but I don't wanna leave it to chance. So.
Lilliana Robinson: Wh, what do you mean, Mitchell? Like? What would be the alternative to putting it as the soundtrack in the back.
Mircea Gogoncea: So I'm not gonna speak at the same time as the video.
Lilliana Robinson: Exactly. No one.
Mircea Gogoncea: I'll have it 3.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, that's fair.
Mircea Gogoncea: Record, yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, everyone should be like that. Okay, this is really cool. I have an idea for you. You should. Of course, when you're narrating, you should have music, but I thought I think it might be cool if the music is either you or or you, and Mark, and then you can say in your QA. Later, like, yeah, the music in the video that that was actually me, you know, like, and it could be a transition into explain that you're a musician or something like that, like usually the QA. Can have like quirky things like that. Since you have longer time, it might be engaging.
Mircea Gogoncea: Yeah, a hundred percent. We were literally just talking with one of our mentors about this before. And we want to do that. And at the end, you know, maybe it will transition, because it won't loop like it does on the website right now. At the end, it will maybe transition into some concert footage of playing, you know, interacting with the audience, or something like that, that I do have a bunch of.
Lilliana Robinson: Cool, and then the other thing with your last 20 s, you should have like a a call to action at the end. So like, you know, if you know any musicians like, let them know I don't know something easy just to close out.
Mircea Gogoncea: Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: Since it is so much displaying the product, it's like cool. What what can I do with this?
Lilliana Robinson: So like how zest was like download it today, but not.
Mircea Gogoncea: Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: Musician. So you have to figure out what you want to say.
Mircea Gogoncea: I think the purpose will be to kick off the fundraising or get interest from relevant angels or musicians in the in the, you know who can. Quite interested in tech so the call to action will be related to that most likely.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, I probably wouldn't put that in the video. Everyone.
Mircea Gogoncea: Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: You have a closing statement in QA. Where you would announce any sort of like you want to raise. Come, talk to me. You have to have something with the product here. I don't know or.
Mircea Gogoncea: You think I should have one? Okay? So you think I should have? Oh, okay, cool
Lilliana Robinson: Attack.
Mircea Gogoncea: Jaggling or Cta at the end of the video itself, and then a bigger Cta at the end of the actual thing.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, we call it a closing statement. Everyone will have a closing statement at the end of QA. So it you're right. You don't need a Cta here, since you're not like a consumer one. Why don't you just be like cicada helping musicians grow? You know, whatever it is.
Mircea Gogoncea: Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, there are people waiting to talk to you. Nelson.
Mircea Gogoncea: Okay.
Nelson Mitchell: Yeah,
Nelson Mitchell: this is cool. Great job. My, the question in my mind, Mircha, is just
Nelson Mitchell: that.
Nelson Mitchell: I think the key, the key value driver. Like, as I've learned about your company, is this idea that
Nelson Mitchell: people are interacting with the musician at the performance like they're
Nelson Mitchell: there's this
Nelson Mitchell: thing that happens either via QR. Code or whatever where somebody in the audience is able to like
Nelson Mitchell: match to that
Nelson Mitchell: musicians, so that then they can have this sort of e-commerce relationship.
Nelson Mitchell: And I feel like.
Nelson Mitchell: if you could harness
Nelson Mitchell: the performance and put the audience member watching this video in the audience of a performance and show how
Nelson Mitchell: they connect to the musician like that moment like. Then you
Nelson Mitchell: have the opportunity to describe your business after that. But, like that's sort of like a key piece that I feel like needs to be visually explained is like, how does somebody actually do this right like, if you even just had somebody like holding up their phone and like snapping a picture of the QR code. To like show like
Nelson Mitchell: this is how we take it from the performance to this amazing business that I'm building. So that that was maybe it.
Mircea Gogoncea: Yeah, yeah, I I I plan to do that with the transition. Where I've like have props or something, you know, like a QR code or something like that. But but but that sounds that sounds cool. That sounds cool. Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: Bob.
Bob - DubPrime: I think Nelson's recommendation segue is really good into what I wanted to say.
Bob - DubPrime: Show, don't tell like.
Bob - DubPrime: Leona said. You should like. Explain how your
Bob - DubPrime: A musician as well! You're a musician like you. You're gonna have music while you're talking, play music while you're talking like, be on stage with your guitar. You control the sound.
Bob - DubPrime: It's your gear, but treat it like.
Bob - DubPrime: you know, to Nelson's Point
Bob - DubPrime: have your QR. Code as if it were like part of a performance like your performance is your pitch, but
Bob - DubPrime: make it like. Feel like maybe not go as far as like, feel like, but like make it closer to what it would be like to use your product in the wild where you'd have your QR. Code. You'd have the app. You'd still have your video and in your pitch and everything. But like if you're playing the guitar, you don't have to tell people you're also a musician. If you're also, and then some of the things you said earlier, where you wanted to
Bob - DubPrime: remove some of the text from the
Bob - DubPrime: transitions and the animations and everything.
Bob - DubPrime: I'll I'll play devil's advocate, and I say, I think, rather than talking about it yourself and telling them focus still more on the show. Don't tell there as well like. Show them the concepts you're trying to talk about instead. Maybe show the
Bob - DubPrime: you know, emotion or or happiness of the outcome of the product features rather than talking about them, but like still have some version of representing them in your your slides.
Mircea Gogoncea: I I wanted. I I wanna make sure. I understand. I am showing the actual product like the actual experience of using it. What? What more should I show? Just just.
Bob - DubPrime: In addition to showing it. Don't talk about the outcomes like, maybe add something that shows the outcomes rather than saying.
Bob - DubPrime: you know, instead of removing text, maybe leave it in or
Bob - DubPrime: show something, show a version of that rather than removing the text and then talking about it instead. So, in other words, do less telling about it, and then
Bob - DubPrime: have the content do more telling for you.
Lilliana Robinson: Like a gig like? Do you have footage from like a gig where someone's like painting out merch or something? Or can you before, between now and then.
Lilliana Robinson: like I've.
Mircea Gogoncea: Yeah, but the march is on demand. It doesn't get handed out in in person. But yeah, I understand.
Lilliana Robinson: We're like talking to fans like it could be anything, but I think just showing like one of your customers, even for like 2 s just cutting to it would be very powerful.
Mircea Gogoncea: Yeah.
Mircea Gogoncea: amazing.
Nelson Mitchell: Somebody just like opening a box and holding up, you know. Oh, the sweatshirt that I ordered right like. Oh, they're so happy, you know. They're you know.
Mircea Gogoncea: Nice, amazing.
Jeremy Banning: Yup, and then America. 1 one other piece of p feedback that may resonate with what Bobby Nelson are saying in one of your previous sessions. I think you mentioned that merch is like a big part of like musicians form of income as well. So like when I when I saw the video, I was thinking, Okay, well, I see the there's the vitamin, and then there's the pain killer, like, maybe if you highlight, some of the pain killer side of what this, what this application can do.
Jeremy Banning: it will help bring it to life.
Jeremy Banning: More personal to that musician right? What does getting more merger? What does that interaction really mean
Jeremy Banning: for the musician.
Mircea Gogoncea: Right like bringing it zooming out on the sort of large scale benefit.
Jeremy Banning: Yeah. Yeah. On the pain side, like, what? What pain is it solving.
Mircea Gogoncea: Yeah, right? It's 2 min
Mircea Gogoncea: amazing. Thank you.
Lilliana Robinson: Thanks, Marsha, that was great. You're very far along, so you can't wait to see those iterations.
Lilliana Robinson: Let's go to club. Rec. Art.
Arthur Fields: Alright. I don't remember me volunteering, but for sure I'll go.
Lilliana Robinson: Your team volunteered you before you came.
Ali: Sorry hard. That was me.
Ali: You're up.
Arthur Fields: It's all good. Let me go ahead. So remember, this is this is worth people. So we're still working on a script. Our pitch and everything like that, so
Arthur Fields: as of right now, like I like to do rough trash visually. I don't like do like the
Arthur Fields: I'm more of a more of a a shower like, do it, you know, and then take it to a professional to polish it up, you know, and redo it. So that's my justification right now. Okay, guys. So bear with me. Alright. So I'm gonna start it from here.
Arthur Fields: Our goal is to to gain interest, to to generate some meetings from our demo day
Arthur Fields: and raise capital so
Arthur Fields: to start off, we're gonna start with the video first, and then I'll go into the pitch
Arthur Fields: and I'm just gonna start it and then get you guys feedback. Far as like, how I can
Arthur Fields: better of, you know.
Arthur Fields: organize this and whatnot. Okay, sounds good.
Arthur Fields: Let me know if you can hear the value. My recruiters are burned out, losing our.
Lilliana Robinson: Minute.
Arthur Fields: So hiring process is too long. Just don't have time to sort through all the resumes. Suitors are really struggling to find the quality I have highly paid developers conducting phone screens when they should be focusing on developing the product. You want to hire a new employee, we'll get ready.
Arthur Fields: If anyone has ever hired someone you could definitely connect with one of those pain points. Let me tell you how club wreck could actually help you step one upload the job description for the role you want to fill. We'll use our AI to qualify and rank the best candidates who have applied to your job posting.
Arthur Fields: Step 2, create and organize your interview questions, using our AI tool or submit your own.
Arthur Fields: We match interviewers skilled with the role you're hiring for with candidates and manage the interviewing, scheduling, hosting feedback notes and recording
Arthur Fields: sorry gang. So essentially so. That's where we stop right there, as far as our look, our far as the images we have.
Arthur Fields: But I keep going into the voiceover. I'm just trying to get some snapshots of the part, so like I'll just finish it up right here, whereas it says, within few days, not weeks.
Arthur Fields: few days.
Arthur Fields: Step 3. Review your candidates, details and responses alongside. Interview feedback in your dashboard. Then book your second interview done. And at the end of my voice over it leaves the vow. I'm actually gonna shorten that up because we're actually gonna have one of our live, our actual, real customers, Katie, from our inner balance, going to share her like experience. And how it's been able to improve her hiring process.
Arthur Fields: and we'll have. We'll save that for the end. But I was getting feedback from well, hearing the feedback from Mercer, far as like the call to action. It kind of made me feel like, Oh, damn! We really gotta shorten up this
Arthur Fields: my, my voice over so that way I can have a call to action at the end of the video.
Lilliana Robinson: Or like a tagline. I think I feel like call action only works if you're b to see. And you like want people to download your app, because everything else that's more in depth as a call to action should come out in the QA.
Lilliana Robinson: So I would much rather it just be like I'll call it a conclusion instead of call to action. And it you should like have the club rec log logo, and that tagline, so that you just reiterate like this is who we are.
Lilliana Robinson: It can take like 2 s or 1 s.
Arthur Fields: Yeah, for sure.
Lilliana Robinson: That's just how all of you should close the video like it shouldn't just end. I I tell a lot of people fade to black and then fade your logo back on, and
Lilliana Robinson: you can either have someone speak over it, or people can just read it. Also. Everyone who has a voice. Ever you need music behind it. That's a finishing touch. So you don't need it now, or I just know that you should have some music in the background. I also love that you're gonna have a customer.
Lilliana Robinson: So can you reiterate again what your goal is for? Demoda.
Arthur Fields: To generate. Follow up meetings. To raise capital.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, cool. Yeah, this is great. So showing that customer testimonial is going to be huge. Bob.
Bob - DubPrime: Yeah, I really like the the flow of your content and the dynamicism of going between like you talking to me. Seeing folks complaining about what could be better and then the video chat, I think all of that is great.
Bob - DubPrime: The 2 constructive things I would give is, I think the the speaking part could use some polish.
Bob - DubPrime: and then
Bob - DubPrime: I feel this is my 2 sets rather than doing like a step, one step, 2, where it feels like you're kind of onboarding me a little bit. Maybe there's still this another way to present the flow that's less about onboarding and more about
Bob - DubPrime: like a commercial
Bob - DubPrime: like, you're selling the product you're you're showing how much easier it is how you've also got
Bob - DubPrime: these particular AI features that make things so much like as you're describing it. I'm going back to so many difficult experiences of my own past life, recruiting and interviewing and everything. So I want all the content, I think just the
Bob - DubPrime: the structure of how I receive it
Bob - DubPrime: could be a little bit more of a pitch and less of a.
Bob - DubPrime: It's just like one part of the video, but less of a a walkthrough.
Arthur Fields: Okay.
Arthur Fields: Thanks. Thanks. Bob.
Arthur Fields: Sure.
Arthur Fields: Anybody else.
Lilliana Robinson: Really, good art. I think it's gonna come together very well.
Nelson Mitchell: Plus plus one to what Bob was saying, that I think that if you reframe the onboarding process to more of like the features, or the I mean the benefits of like those steps like
Nelson Mitchell: it'll just resonate more like people don't need to know how to do it. They need to know how
Nelson Mitchell: the way you've structured the solution is gonna make their life better.
Lilliana Robinson: If it's.
Nelson Mitchell: So.
Lilliana Robinson: So it might even be make sense like, instead of saying, Oh, it's only one day, or whatever. This is just an example you can say like no more missing those prime candidates, or whatever like the one day.
Lilliana Robinson: makes a difference in the person's life.
Bob - DubPrime: Spend less time, therefore less money hiring the right talent.
Bob - DubPrime: Use that as as a tagline if you want, but.
Arthur Fields: Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: No child.
Bob - DubPrime: So I'm I'm doing the math in my head like less time spent finding people means, you know. You get value sooner.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay.
Arthur Fields: Gotcha anything else we like love feedback. So I keep becoming anybody else on the team. Mertra, I know you got some feedback. What's up, brother?
Lilliana Robinson: Mitchell had to go on a flight
Lilliana Robinson: back to America.
Arthur Fields: Alright.
Arthur Fields: and.
Lilliana Robinson: So I think, Art, if you implement that stuff
Lilliana Robinson: and then send us a new draft, we can give you even more feedback.
Arthur Fields: For sure. Okay? So once again, like I said, like, I'm just, I'm still getting some screenshots today, like our our CTO is pinging me right now, and new screenshots. So I will finalize it, and then I'll share with everyone. Sounds good.
Nelson Mitchell: 1 one last thought. You're showing this from the employers perspective. It may be interesting just to spend a couple of seconds talking about how this is a better candidate experience as well. So I know a lot of organizations are really focused on candidate experience and and trying to maintain that. So if your solution does both, then you should definitely talk about that
Nelson Mitchell: sorry.
Arthur Fields: Yeah, what do you? And like? So in my voice over, you hear me say something about like about how we match the interviewers skills with the the role that you're hiring for. So like, we're gonna probably showcase that as well like what the interviewers background is.
Arthur Fields: And I'll I'll share a link because we actually have our old demo video but I didn't. We were doing it. So we're like taking bits and pieces of it, because we have to obviously change, make some changes to our process, our product since joining techstars. But it didn't. We didn't stray too far off.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, even just say adding in a line like, and candidates love it because blank like
Lilliana Robinson: and talk about the benefit. Yeah, literally, just for one sentence. Go ahead, Bob.
Bob - DubPrime: I think. Yeah, what you said about using AI to find the right questions. I think that directly speaks to a candidate. There's nothing worse
Bob - DubPrime: from my experience as a candidate interviewing, and then having questions that have nothing to do with the job like they're just pre can. Nonsense. You've seen before. But also, you know, random stuff that people think because other people have used it, they should use it.
Bob - DubPrime: So that's like a huge value. Add, it's it's a better candidate. Experience speaks to the candidate, but also speaks to the company that would onboard this tool, like you want people, whether you hire them or not to feel good about you, and maybe they've got a referral as a result.
Arthur Fields: Okay.
Arthur Fields: no, this is awesome. Thanks. Guys.
Lilliana Robinson: Point. Really good point.
Lilliana Robinson: Thanks. Art. Okay.
Lilliana Robinson: well, that.
Lilliana Robinson: What'd you say, Eric?
Arthur Fields: I just said, No, thank you.
Lilliana Robinson: So we're going to do, Melanie.
Lilliana Robinson: I think you're going for Fabian right.
Melanie, Positive Finance: Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: Perfect.
Melanie, Positive Finance: Hi, everyone.
Melanie, Positive Finance: Okay, I'm gonna share my screen. I'm really shy because I didn't do anything around.
Melanie, Positive Finance: illustration.
Melanie, Positive Finance: So you go. This is it?
Melanie, Positive Finance: Can you see that.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, we can see it. This is great. You don't need to have anything prepared.
Melanie, Positive Finance: Yeah. So what we try to do is to make sure the voice over is right. And then, after I was thinking, we can
Melanie, Positive Finance: brainstorm, or more like visual and text that will support what we do. And I really wanted to have the timing right, too, because I feel like 1 min is really really short.
Melanie, Positive Finance: So to answer your question, we, as a goal, we want to have more connection with Vcs capital raise for us is going to be September. So in the meantime we could also have angel investments.
Melanie, Positive Finance: This video is gonna come after our pitch.
Melanie, Positive Finance: The idea is to
Melanie, Positive Finance: kind of reframe the problem
Melanie, Positive Finance: and capture the essence of the product we wanna show both the benefit for our B 2 B users, the Hr leaders and the C-suites and the annual users in the company
Melanie, Positive Finance: visually. I want this to be very dynamic visually engaging, informative on the experience.
Melanie, Positive Finance: So let's try.
Melanie, Positive Finance: So you have everything here. But what I did is also to
Melanie, Positive Finance: record the voiceover so that it's not perfect. But you give us more sense. So I'm gonna go through the 1 min, and maybe then, after we can kind of
Melanie, Positive Finance: sequence all the section and come back to it
Melanie, Positive Finance: introducing positive violence.
Melanie, Positive Finance: We all want a better word and to thrive in it.
Melanie, Positive Finance: Companies are no different.
Melanie, Positive Finance: Yet Hr. Leader face challenges without impact-driven solution. There is losing talents to competitors.
Melanie, Positive Finance: Misalignment with our company's sculpture and falling short on sustainability reporting for compliance
Melanie, Positive Finance: with positive finance. Hr. Is on power to offer an impactful benefits to engage
Melanie, Positive Finance: companies team up by offering matching, donation, aligning corporate values.
Melanie, Positive Finance: all monitored from a single screen for easy reporting and tanning
Melanie, Positive Finance: with our app employees can save invest in impact and donate fee free. It is that simple. So join positive finance today, empower your workforce and make real impact with the finance you want.
Melanie, Positive Finance: Okay, great, this is it.
Melanie, Positive Finance: So?
Melanie, Positive Finance: first part is just you know, the logo. And maybe we gonna have it kind of a tagline to set the tone on like what we do
Melanie, Positive Finance: and the benefits I was thinking, working around like where every transaction and powers engage and does good.
Melanie, Positive Finance: Second part we are talking about the aspiration and what people want to do.
Melanie, Positive Finance: So we gonna look at more like, maybe a scene in like the workplace
Melanie, Positive Finance: and before we're more like into this like Earth view, I don't know. I have no idea we'll work on that, but the idea is kind of zoom in and go into the workplace where positive finance can have a great impact.
Melanie, Positive Finance: After that it's all about risk making sure people understand what Hr leaders struggle with and reinforcing that with the text.
Melanie, Positive Finance: So like it's like boom, talent, love.
Melanie, Positive Finance: boom, culture, misalignment.
Melanie, Positive Finance: boom for impact outcomes. And then there's the solution. To reveal that. We can support them. I align that the culture monitors, and plan for them.
Melanie, Positive Finance: The idea is to show everything around the product. So the screens, how they actually go from one screen to another, and the different activity they can do on it with our dashboard.
Melanie, Positive Finance: And then we are jumping to the employee side, explaining what they can do. With the app and showing the app
Melanie, Positive Finance: and then, yeah, we. Finally, we just like finish with, I don't know another kind of visual. There's more like sustainable.
Melanie, Positive Finance: like nice
Melanie, Positive Finance: landscape or something, you know.
Melanie, Positive Finance: Yeah, this is where we are.
Lilliana Robinson: Thank you, Melanie. So you you do have a lot here. It's not. Is you really downplayed it? So this is a great script. I have probably 3 things. One.
Lilliana Robinson: the third row where you're talking about the problem where it says, yet Hr. Leaders face challenges. I think that one needs a little bit of work, because it seems very vague. I think it seems like buzz, wordy and and vague, where we could more thoroughly define the problem. Maybe, like drawing from some interviews you've done, make it more palpable. And make people really understand that problem, since we're only going to be able to say it kind of briefly. It. I think we need to work on that
Lilliana Robinson: 2 is, I would be careful putting text that doesn't match exactly what you're saying.
Lilliana Robinson: because people are gonna be reading that. And they're gonna drown out what you're saying. I would probably not put text for the middle parts. It's okay to have the text with the positive finance logo. But in the middle where you're speaking I probably wouldn't put text overlaid. I'll just focus on your visuals so that people can listen.
Lilliana Robinson: So what you're saying? And then the last bit it says you are. Gonna add music with the positive finance, like kind of Outro. But I think there should be music overlaying the whole thing, and maybe it just gets louder at the end.
Lilliana Robinson: It's important, or else it gets really awkward. So all of you should have music over the voiceover, or else it's just like oddly quiet
Lilliana Robinson: so we can workshop that like the problem part together. If you want maybe you can make a new iteration and post it on base camp. We can discuss in the comments, but I do think that part is like getting it. Key is going to be essential to this video.
Melanie, Positive Finance: Okay. Awesome. Thank you so much. Juliana.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, bob.
Bob - DubPrime: Yeah. I'm sorry to keep dominating the the combo.
Lilliana Robinson: No, it's helpful. I'm glad.
Bob - DubPrime: I had. Yeah, I felt really strongly about this. I really liked your voiceover that you shared the recorded message it reminded me of.
Bob - DubPrime: I'm a huge Atlassian fanboy like Jira confluence all that going way back like years before. Slack was even a thing they had. Hip, chat. I'm a bit. I have a hit chat shirt, but
Bob - DubPrime: one of the things I loved is as I'm learning about their products, whether it's in what they called Atlassian university or learning about it from their market marketing site.
Bob - DubPrime: The your voice over reminded me of the flow of those videos where it walked me through all of the benefits and gave me the key insights. And I'd love if I could find them to shoot them to you guys, to maybe contribute to your creative process for coming up with the actual visualizations of going through your product cause. I think the tempo and the content of what you were talking about was spot on, and it reminded me of something else I saw that I really liked in the past.
Melanie, Positive Finance: Okay. Oh, that's awesome, I was thinking is too much Frenchy accent in there. But you know I can take. Thank you so much, Bob.
Bob - DubPrime: Yeah, we can't. We can't help you because you're French, but.
Melanie, Positive Finance: Hidden.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Yeah, well.
Lilliana Robinson: Anything else. Yeah.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Yeah, actually, I have a question regarding that, because I was thinking, you know, who should do the voice over for us. And I, of course, have a thick Italian accent, but should the the co-founder being be on the voice over, or we can have someone with the American accent or any any thoughts around that anyone.
Nelson Mitchell: I I would say that
Nelson Mitchell: for understandability. I would I would hire a native speaker to do the voiceovers you. Just. You don't want to get in your own way for vanity sake. So I think that things can get lost.
Nelson Mitchell: You have a nice one.
Melanie, Positive Finance: Identity.
Nelson Mitchell: Be clear. Yeah.
Bob - DubPrime: I'd say, maybe talk to a speech and coach, and if you can
Bob - DubPrime: polish it so that it's a little bit less
Bob - DubPrime: present, maybe, but only for this, not for
Bob - DubPrime: like in general.
Bob - DubPrime: I think like cause. My my 2 senses, I think if it's yours, you should have the opportunity to like share your passion through your voice.
Bob - DubPrime: But if it is a little bit harder to understand and just.
Bob - DubPrime: I don't think it's that far from
Bob - DubPrime: better. So.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Yep.
Bob - DubPrime: It's like loving, and fruit.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Yeah, I appreciate that, Bob. I think, I think, yeah, I I spent 20 years in this country. And I I I try. I tried to do excellent reduction, but didn't work. So but yeah, I think I think the 1 min pitch already show show our voice right? So the the first parts, right? So the video maybe can be a native speaker. Yeah.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: thanks for your feedback.
Lilliana Robinson: Thank you, Melanie. Do you have any other question.
Arthur Fields: lilliana.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, art.
Arthur Fields: I'm I'm interested in hearing what you think about that far as like the the foreigners in there using an American voice over like.
Arthur Fields: how do you feel about that? I mean, because I know for one of our very first demo videos, it wasn't. My voice is my Buddy Kyle Clifford, who has like a radio voice.
Arthur Fields: And it worked. People loved it.
Arthur Fields: And I'm I'm American. But like I also have a different dialect, you know.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, I think I like to tend toward
Lilliana Robinson: the people on the team doing it unless
Lilliana Robinson: it becomes an obstacle. And I think, like we're all friends here, so we can just be candid because we want it to be the best. I think
Lilliana Robinson: people who have said have issues with English like snow, has said that.
Lilliana Robinson: like they had said that. I think it might be better for you guys to have different voices just to maximize the comprehense, like comprehensibility from the audience.
Lilliana Robinson: I don't like to do that unless it's absolutely necessary. Troy, on the other hand, will tell you like he'll be straight up, he'll say, like, you are not saying X word correctly. You need to do this better.
Lilliana Robinson: You'll see that in pitch practice. So all of the Ceos are going to be pitching. So we're all gonna have to work on that, no matter what
Lilliana Robinson: for you, Art, I would I would have you voice it. I think it's it's not an obstacle for Melanie and your team. I would probably err on the side of having a a native English speaker do it just to increase comprehensibility
Lilliana Robinson: because they will already have Fabian doing the QA. And the pitch. And this part I really want it to be like, extremely clear. And that's just that's just because most of the people in the audience are going to only speak English. So I hope that's not offensive to anybody. But I usually am pretty candid about this, because I want all of you to be completely understood, like every single word of this minute, is so important, and since we have the option to make it more clear, I think we should.
Lilliana Robinson: If anyone has questions about that, please feel free to unmute Lisa. Did you have a question.
Lilliana Robinson: you know she's just me.
Lilliana Robinson: Christy, did you have a question.
Christy Serrato | PairAnything: Yeah, I just actually have a comment.
Christy Serrato | PairAnything: when we practice what I guess to help us practice our pitch will. We get like voice coaching or something like that to help us.
Christy Serrato | PairAnything: you know, articulate and pitch, and have, you know, have have stage presence.
Lilliana Robinson: Every pitch practice we'll be talking about that. We have. We have a pitch coach tomorrow talking to you guys. He's gonna be talking more about the
Lilliana Robinson: content. But when Troy comes and does pitch practice he's pretty. He's pretty direct. You'll see. He's gonna say, like when you said blank word like, I don't understand what you're saying you need to annunciate. So those are the kinds of things that we'll get into. But right now we're focused much more on the content
Lilliana Robinson: of what it is, and then we'll refine it at the end. And during demo day we yeah go ahead. Kristen.
Christy Serrato | PairAnything: Sorry that there's a delay. There's Internet stability where I'm at.
Christy Serrato | PairAnything: yeah, I was just thinking, you know, because if you have some little bit of voice coaching to help you pitch that can also help you when you're recording this video. I guess my main thing, you know, because, you know, I'm also a you know English, not my primary language. But I think it's all about re relatability, right when you're hearing the video and and who's speaking? You want the audience to relate to it, and not have
Christy Serrato | PairAnything: you know, any dialect or accent kind of detract from what you're what you're saying.
Christy Serrato | PairAnything: you know, but I do like the fact that if if you can, you know, get your points across, you know, articulate. It is kind of nice to have
Christy Serrato | PairAnything: a little bit of that, you know, distinct voice that you know each one of us can bring as well.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, that's a great point to see. And for the for the finishing touches of like, you know, pitch coaching, how you're gonna stand, how you're gonna present. All that will get ironed out the week of demo day, when we're all in person together, you guys are. Gonna do your pitch in front of each other, probably like 10 to 15 times, and we'll give you feedback like that once it's all finished. And we'll give you that, Melanie, if you really want to do the voiceover, I think we could get you there.
Lilliana Robinson: So if you want to, if you're like really devoted to it being your voice. We can have you practice it again and again, and I can just keep giving you feedback on what is not super comprehensible, and then you can just keep changing it. So if you want to iterate that I'm happy to work with you and and make that to the point that I feel like. It's crispy enough to use
Lilliana Robinson: or you can do what others were saying so totally up to you.
Melanie, Positive Finance: Okay. Thank you.
Nelson Mitchell: I think you can also go too far in the other direction. Right? You can have hire some like super salesy, like cheesy voice over person that doesn't sound authentic, right? So like, if you do your own voice over, it's gonna be authentic because it's gonna be your voice right. But if you're talking about somebody like this who is talking about the features that's also gonna fail. Right? So like, it's gotta be like
Nelson Mitchell: some middle ground right like
Nelson Mitchell: Just wanna call that out like I. I think that AI will definitely sound awful like, you know. It'll say the words, and it'll be clear. But it won't have that ring of like
Nelson Mitchell: humanity.
Nelson Mitchell: Just having played around with it enough, so you know. Don't do that.
Lilliana Robinson: I completely agree now, from the amount of Demo David's that founders in the past have given me, where they just have an AI or a robot, and you even heard Bloomfield here like went along with it. It sounded so bad. So it's really like I'd rather us just do our normal voice, and it not being super comprehensible than the other side. So like, completely agree with that.
Lilliana Robinson: Marcel, do you have a question.
Marisel Polanco: I have a quick question. Right? The answer is, no. But I wanna ask, anyway, what about having multiple voices? Is that like a No, no like you, wanna like, have the same person talking throughout the entire video
Marisel Polanco: like
Marisel Polanco: or like, have you heard? Have you heard other videos other product videos that have
Marisel Polanco: multiple people talking. I'm not saying that I want to have like 5 people talking. But I'm just just a question.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, maybe.
Marisel Polanco: Melanie can have someone like just an ideas like having like the certain things that require more, like
Marisel Polanco: someone may that it has to be understandable. But maybe, like the last line, when you're like closing it up is like, Oh, this is like, it's almost part of your logo part of who you are, then you can actually say that I don't know. This is an idea. I don't know if.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, I like that.
Marisel Polanco: If that helps or not, but
Marisel Polanco: it might work.
Lilliana Robinson: Usually people have multiple voices because it's part of what they're trying to get across. For example, like art had
Lilliana Robinson: what I assume was Allie's voice reading
Lilliana Robinson: people's complaints. And then art came on as like the voice of reason like, Here we have a better solution. Other people may like have someone telling the problem. And then when you switch, you know. And
Lilliana Robinson: okay, everything's brighter and rainbows. Now, because I'm giving this solution. I've seen people do like 2 voices for that.
Lilliana Robinson: So it's usually for a reason not just like you just pepper in. And people randomly are speaking because it helps tell the story right? So I would just say anything that you do should contribute to the comprehensibility. And like the story that you're trying to tell
Lilliana Robinson: in this video.
Marisel Polanco: I mean, I do like that. I think it. It makes a dynamic, I think, using having reasons to use different voices to having just the same.
Marisel Polanco: you know.
Marisel Polanco: Results. Thank you.
Lilliana Robinson: Simone, you could have someone else. Sorry.
Nelson Mitchell: Color, right like, if you like. Have a slide, and there's like 5 colors on it, and the 5 colors have no meaning like there's no distinction or reason for it. It's confusing, right? Because your brain is like, why are there 5 colors? Why is that red and this other thing green. I think it's the same with voices right? So like, if you have
Nelson Mitchell: the the voice of God right? That's like going through the entire thing, and it's like talking it over. It should be one voice. But if you have a customer, come on, and it needs to be in the voice of the customer clearly, that needs to be a different voice, because you have to distinguish it from the talk track.
Nelson Mitchell: And you know, if you've got like a couple of different voices like, it's like, you know, the head of product versus the CEO, right like. And they're talking about different things. Then I think it makes sense to have 2 different voices. But what you don't want to have is just like variety for the sake of variety. So people are like, wait, this is somebody new, right? And then they're getting distracted, like thinking about the voice. So like it. It needs to be additive. There needs to be a purpose.
Nelson Mitchell: I think is, and then, as long as there's a purpose like, do whatever you want to do, I think.
Lilliana Robinson: That was very well, said Nelson.
Lilliana Robinson: I think everyone should hire you to do your salesy voice for their video.
Lilliana Robinson: That's really good.
Nelson Mitchell: I would be happy to do that.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, Melanie. Well, if you have any other questions you can message me. But we can work together on that.
Lilliana Robinson: We're going to move on to Tux.
George Odoom: Alright go back to share screen.
George Odoom: But for context.
George Odoom: our goal for Demo Day is to connect with like
George Odoom: Hr. Professionals and equity compensation leaders.
George Odoom: And so the way we're kind of formatting it is, we're gonna pitch first.
George Odoom: and the pitch is more to share my personal story, our secret sauce and then information about the market opportunity.
George Odoom: the videos to kind of resonate with the crowd. So we're in the Bay area where a lot of people have stock based compensation and show them a bit of the product.
George Odoom: And then, QA. Is going to be more focused on like.
George Odoom: how does this product address
George Odoom: company concerns, and how does it benefit the company as a whole kind of thing? And so those are the 3 different goals of of the presentation. And so going through this video.
George Odoom: I'm very bare bones.
George Odoom: But I'll get us started where it's like me, David and George. They both work at be work
George Odoom: and receive half of their compensation and bework stock, or it turns 50 K.
George Odoom: B. Work offers tux stock compensation protection as an employee tool to attract and retain the top talent.
George Odoom: George opted in. But David didn't.
George Odoom: Kind of let's see what happens for both George and Dave. And so these. This would all be voice over, not actual like
George Odoom: on the screen. So for George, he can easily go into the text platform, so there'd be some sort of animation here.
George Odoom: and in peeping into our tool.
George Odoom: where he can create a protection policy for his stock-based compensation kind of like insurance.
George Odoom: he can pay premiums and relax for the next year until his stocks vest, while Tux works in the background to create a derivative based protection plan. And so again, kind of peer view into the product.
George Odoom: Without worrying about stock, market volatility.
George Odoom: And David. Well, he does what normally people do normally in the situation, which is nothing.
George Odoom: One year later their stock is vested. But B work stock has plummeted
George Odoom: George and David's
George Odoom: 250 K. Stock value is now worth 50% of what they were granted.
George Odoom: but George can file through tux to get reimbursed, saving him a hundred, 25
George Odoom: a thousand
George Odoom: and kinda yeah, don't gamble with your compensation. Stay protected while you're best thing.
George Odoom: And so that's kind of the idea we were having around like
George Odoom: 2 paths.
George Odoom: Here's what your life looks like with tux. Here's what your life looks like without tux
George Odoom: playing a little bit on. We work, which is a company that that failed, or had a massive stock drop by calling it B work so hopefully that resonates with people in the crowd.
George Odoom: But that's kind of what we were thinking in terms of
George Odoom: using the demo video to kind of show not only the personal experience, but the
George Odoom: product experience. And then one thing I forgot to mention was, kinda we want to use this kind of last slide to also resonate with
George Odoom: some of the things we heard when the Jtbds were a lot of people use this money
George Odoom: for things like their house, their kids
George Odoom: a baby, and maybe like having like a a baby, George, kind of thing where it's like this. Money now
George Odoom: helped his life flourish in a way.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, like a carriage.
Lilliana Robinson: Nice to him. Yeah, this is great. I love that. You guys have this story because you know, thinking about a lot of our fin tech companies here. It's very hard to tell
Lilliana Robinson: the personal story of how this benefits a person's actual life, even though it's like B, 2 B.
Lilliana Robinson: This is a really good way of illustrating that.
Lilliana Robinson: If you go back where you say like kind of like insurance, can you go to that one.
George Odoom: Oh, it's on.
George Odoom: I think like, because.
NSG: Yep, yep.
NSG: yep.
Lilliana Robinson: Sorry I had to mute Neil, because you don't talk about it for 2 more slides of like. Why, that's necessary. I think you're kind of assuming that the audience will understand. So when you're saying like, create a protection policy, most people might think like, why would I need a protection policy like the company isn't going under.
Lilliana Robinson: The stocks are part of the compensation. Of course it's going to be fine, so I might even a add the line here, or like, take it from 2 slides later, where you're like, because of stock volatility and make it here. Cause I think, that might be distracting for some people where they're like, wait insurance. Why do I need that on? But just connecting the dot for them? So they're not even thinking
Lilliana Robinson: might be helpful. So like protection policy for stock based compensation in the case of stock market volatility or something kind of like insurance. Just add that there it was. There's a small thing, but I think that'll make it flow better.
Lilliana Robinson: And you don't have to say exactly what I just said. Just think about it.
Lilliana Robinson: Does anyone else want to add anything for tax.
Arthur Fields: I was just gonna say, this is, this is great, like showing the the story right? Cause. Normally like, you have a lot of
Arthur Fields: startups that just like, you know, they actually use the Rs use as a like a tool to get people to sign it off a letter right? And and then knowing that like, Oh, they're not going to
Arthur Fields: to, you know, last long, anyway, to see that this this Rsus convert over fully so like showing those 2 stories is like going to be very impactful, especially to like the individuals in the audience that are like in that startup world. So
Arthur Fields: I was like, do a great job. I I can't wait to see this like
Arthur Fields: fully produced.
George Odoom: Bob.
Lilliana Robinson: Up.
Bob - DubPrime: Yeah, on the
Bob - DubPrime: the defensive side, like downside protection.
Bob - DubPrime: maybe a useful way to to phrase it is to think of it.
Bob - DubPrime: I like insurance to me is kind of a dirty word.
Bob - DubPrime: probably not for other folks, but maybe think of it as protecting your investment as a different way to phrase it or pitch it. For example, you spend this time at the company. You're investing your time. You're not buying the stock, but you're getting stock. You're not spending money, you're spending your time.
Bob - DubPrime: So it's a fair exchange, and you are investing in the company when you spend your time there. That's why they give you equity. The whole point is.
Bob - DubPrime: if you're making the company more valuable.
Bob - DubPrime: you've made your stock more valuable. You're investing in yourself a bit so maybe it's maybe there's something there in terms of protecting your investment versus. I don't know. Maybe insurance is a better angle, but just throwing it out. There's like maybe a slightly different angle.
George Odoom: Yeah.
George Odoom: Thanks. Both.
Nelson Mitchell: I like your your conceit around comparing the 2 different employees to show
Nelson Mitchell: you know what the the value is like that that
Nelson Mitchell: resonates in terms of
Nelson Mitchell: clarity.
Nelson Mitchell: I think my only
Nelson Mitchell: feedback would be well. I mean, I think you could do some cool stuff in terms of like animations to be able to show how
Nelson Mitchell: you know the the value of the stock like hit the floor right like, because of tux like there's a protection versus the other one that continues to go down
Nelson Mitchell: so like to be able to
Nelson Mitchell: just bring some life into that
Nelson Mitchell: comparison. Really drive it home.
Nelson Mitchell: I would say
Nelson Mitchell: in your storyboard. You're probably gonna do this naturally, but I would like squish down the sort of like the login clicking around on the Tux platform to just like maybe one or 2 cuts, because what you really want to get to is
Nelson Mitchell: the illustrating, I think some visual that shows the volatility in the stock market like, even if it's just like some B roll of like, you know, crazy traders like, you know, like holding up their hands on the on the bad deck or something you wanna give some idea of like, okay, there's this person who works for this company. And then there's the crazy market forces that they have no control over and like how talks to sort of like
Nelson Mitchell: providing like a
Nelson Mitchell: a backstop to that. So I I I think you know, there's some interesting things that you could do
Nelson Mitchell: to bring market volatility to life and make it an actor in this video like the bad guy?
Nelson Mitchell: And yeah, maybe skip over some of the product demo stuff. Cause I think the
Nelson Mitchell: it it's interesting to show the interaction and how people are interacting with Tux, but I think it's more important to show the difference that the impact that Tux makes on their life.
George Odoom: Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: That is, that is a great idea, Nelson. I feel like that's what was missing here. I think we're making a lot of assumptions like a lot of us have worked in text. We just kind of like, understand right away. Oh, that makes total sense.
Lilliana Robinson: Not everybody will understand why you would ever need that. So like really making it potent
Lilliana Robinson: probably will always say, like, skip any sort of login stuff on the product. Demo like, just show the meat and potatoes for like a couple of seconds show, you have a real product. You don't need to focus too much on it. Show the the problem just like Nelson was saying.
Lilliana Robinson: showing people like
Lilliana Robinson: really upset. Or maybe you don't even need to show that just showing like the volatility like you said in in the graphs
Lilliana Robinson: or explaining it for a couple of sentences. You know, like
Lilliana Robinson: 40% of
Lilliana Robinson: tech workers, compensation is in these stocks. And it's not a sure thing.
Lilliana Robinson: It really does depend on the market. And we've seen in recent years how volatile the market is. For these tech companies
Lilliana Robinson: something like that.
Lilliana Robinson: It's really important to add that. So I love that. You guys commented that.
George Odoom: Can I phrase 2 questions to the group.
George Odoom: So one thing we were thinking about was
George Odoom: this dollar amount we put here. So we put over 250 K
George Odoom: to kind of emphasize like, Hey, there's a lot of money at risk here, but we also worry that like
George Odoom: putting a dollar amount or putting a dollar amount. This high can make it feel like, oh, like, I don't get paid that much, so it's not worth it to me kind of thing.
George Odoom: and because everyone has a different compensation package like.
George Odoom: should we show a number? Is, are we at risk of showing a number too high, showing a number too low.
George Odoom: Kind of thing.
Bob - DubPrime: I think it's it's probably at least twice as high as it needs to be. To make your point.
Bob - DubPrime: I think, for folks where that's
Bob - DubPrime: a yearly component of their total compensation.
Bob - DubPrime: You're talking like single digit percentages of your audience.
Bob - DubPrime: And I'm I'm being kind of, I think, conservative
Bob - DubPrime: like, it's the low single digits, and they're.
Lilliana Robinson: I I don't think.
Bob - DubPrime: Folks whose stock is not as volatile, but also can swing back up because the company's not exactly gonna go anywhere like we work company could definitely go somewhere.
Bob - DubPrime: Made is not going anywhere. Google's not going anywhere.
Lilliana Robinson: Bob, what do you think about just not having a number at all
Lilliana Robinson: like they receive over 50% of their compensation in the stock in the company
Lilliana Robinson: worth hundreds of thousands, or something like that, like they could just say.
Bob - DubPrime: I like.
Lilliana Robinson: Instead.
Bob - DubPrime: Yeah, I like, I like a number a little bit more, because it makes it feel a little bit more real. And I don't wanna use the word tangible. But like the specificity, I think helps whereas 50% could be 50% on a total comp of like a hundred grand.
Bob - DubPrime: I don't think people are getting 50 grand in stock and only taking 50 grand in salary.
Bob - DubPrime: Huh?
Bob - DubPrime: Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: Vincent.
Vincent Lucero: One thing you guys could do is say half their compensation is at risk.
Vincent Lucero: So like putting that Fomo at play here, maybe like position is how much you may have at risk, on average, based on whatever your total comp is, the half would allow it to flip, be flexible to what anybody is, and we know that for people above 200 k. Which is the majority of tech workers, half of their compensation approximately, is going to be an equity. So I think, having half of their conversation at risk, allows you to make it more broad while still putting it. Magnitude, the way personable to that individual.
George Odoom: Yeah, yeah.
George Odoom: thank you. One more question. If I don't steal too much time is we had another idea around.
George Odoom: Should we show maybe a third person to show that
George Odoom: employees get to keep the upside.
George Odoom: And so like in this scenario, we're talking about like the worst case scenario.
George Odoom: But I remember a lot of times when we explain to people the idea, the next question is, what what happens if the stock goes up and it doesn't drop like. Do I now owe you something.
Lilliana Robinson: That should be. That should be one of your first questions in the QA.
Lilliana Robinson: If that's what people are wondering after you show them. This. QA. This is the morphine problem.
Lilliana Robinson: and that's what you should highlight first, and then your eir can ask you like. So what happens if the stock goes up. Is this useless? And you say, actually, no
Lilliana Robinson: stuff like that?
Lilliana Robinson: Calvin wanted to add something.
Kelvin Alaneme: Yeah, I wanted to add, about showing a number or not.
Kelvin Alaneme: I believe it's very, very important. And at the end of your story, it tied into it because you mentioned a particular amount that was lost.
Kelvin Alaneme: By the person who did not use stocks. So I think
Kelvin Alaneme: showing a number. If you're not showing a number, it
Kelvin Alaneme: this number you're mentioning, which is the benefit, will not be very concrete. So showing a number is good. You can
Kelvin Alaneme: tinker around about the actual value. I like you mentioned over this, so you can decide to whether to keep it lower, to keep it average. But to use what is industry, average.
George Odoom: Thanks. Dr. K.
Kelvin Alaneme: Thanks!
Lilliana Robinson: Thank you. Tux
Lilliana Robinson: We have time for a couple more, so let's see how many we can get through. Maybe we'll do like rapid fire for these last 4 or 5. J. Lo! You're next.
Jennifer Loh: Okay.
Jennifer Loh: can you see this? Okay?
Jennifer Loh: We haven't actually like done drawn out the storyboard yet, but we kind of have an idea of what we're trying to accomplish. So when I went to Demo Day in January, I remember there was like a few people it stood out, cause I like remember their name, and they had really high energy. So like, even though it's like silly. I think a main goal for us is to like, have them remember us as individuals.
Jennifer Loh: What we do and like, we want people to join the movement. And like, we're playing around with the idea of having a wait list instead of it just being like book a trip.
Jennifer Loh: and then using this, wait list to help guide us like, in which markets we want to activate potentially.
Jennifer Loh: So the pain point that we're trying to solve is that people don't want to go to the trip. Advisor top 10 reps and like people want trusted recommendations and and right now there's like not really any way to do that. And so we are doing that through local companion, real insider recommendations and unique immersive experiences.
Jennifer Loh: So we kind of like drew out a storyboard a little bit on, like what we want the Trabaris experience to be
Jennifer Loh: so then, so yeah, so the visuals will be basically like
Jennifer Loh: an actual experience. Lisa and I are going to be filming this over the weekend.
Jennifer Loh: But basically, it'll be like a mix of like
Jennifer Loh: visuals of the actual experience, some closeups and like people actually doing some of the unique experiences that we have on Traverse.
Jennifer Loh: And the voice over will be
Jennifer Loh: Okay, so it'll be so you want to travel, broaden your horizons, learn new customs, speak new syllables become a new version of self, taste, life, and new breath into fresh perspective, discover adventure, luxury, space, comfort, challenge, and so we will be like cutting in through different visuals.
Jennifer Loh: discover home here on Earth.
Jennifer Loh: It's waiting for you, but it won't wait forever.
Jennifer Loh: The world is rapidly changing, and it's time for the way we travel to change with it.
Jennifer Loh: because wherever you go, wherever you roam, wander, climb, rest, swim, fly, adventure again like cutting into different visuals.
Jennifer Loh: You leave a lasting impact, make it a good one. At Travirus we connect people with immersive, all inspiring experiences while preserving our destinations for generations to come, ensuring that you leave a positive impact wherever you roam, for the love of travel.
Jennifer Loh: venture beyond the beaten path with our Travaris experiences curated by insiders. Just for you give yourself permission to get lost and never miss a thing. Our local companion app puts local expertise in your pocket so you can fully immerse knowing Travis has your back.
Jennifer Loh: Which hidden gem will you discover next?
Jennifer Loh: And then we go from video into the pitch.
Jennifer Loh: And so the pitch will actually highlight specifically like our team. And like how we're different and like our traction so far, and we'll take some of the insights we have from our first 10 customers?
Jennifer Loh: And then the QA. Section. Basically all the questions that people ask all the time like travel so competitive. What makes you different? You know? What are your plans to scale beyond Hawaii? And then, like, what's your plan for the future beyond, like beyond just this local companion? So we figured that would be a time to talk through.
Jennifer Loh: Some of these questions that we get asked a lot by investors.
Lilliana Robinson: I like that you already have. You're already thinking about the different sections. So we'll talk about the QA. On Friday. So I want to see those again later. But can you go to this second slide of your script.
Jennifer Loh: Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: This one. I think
Lilliana Robinson: a couple of things. So this is really good. I really like the words that you you chose to use. I think this will be extremely palpable. I think the last 2 paragraphs here are a little long. I think you're gonna lose people after making a good one, and you need to wrap up quickly, especially since you only have 60 s. And you want to start with some visuals before you start talking like you're only gonna have maybe like 10 s left. I think that whole thing needs to be
Lilliana Robinson: squeezed down into like 2 sentences.
Lilliana Robinson: So decide like what what you really want to say in that last bit cause you already said, basically everything you need to to get people interested. Now, you just need to like, wrap it up before you lose people.
Lilliana Robinson: And the other thing is when when you say,
Lilliana Robinson: you have, you leave a lasting impact. I think
Lilliana Robinson: that is the most important line of this whole video. Because it's this is the only time that you explain regenerative travel. And like why it's important. I was like kind of waiting for you to say it
Lilliana Robinson: in other parts of the video, because you were making travel seem so awesome. But like the problem, the problem is that like we're destroying the places that we go to. So you may want to add in a couple more statements there.
Lilliana Robinson: maybe cut from before. Cut some of the like
Lilliana Robinson: beauty and luxury from the slide before and like, have more about like you leave elastic impact like
Lilliana Robinson: communities are being ruined, that we once were able to like, go and visit now, like
Lilliana Robinson: the lush villages, are
Lilliana Robinson: crumbling and like desolate, because people just like take and don't give something like that. And your visuals here are going to be key to emphasize your point, like maybe just showing like people's footprints being like, you know, they're there like they're not going anywhere. They leave it. And they leave that last impact or show like dilapidated ruins. I know some of the things in South America have this problem like people keep taking rocks from it. And now it's like nothing left
Lilliana Robinson: stuff like that. I think, like, you can educate people through visuals, and maybe like a couple of more statements here, I think we had a little too much happy and not enough sad.
Lilliana Robinson: And this isn't a vitamin. This is like, we're hurting this stuff, and we're not going to be able to go back and have all those nice times if we don't fix the problem. So those are just my piece of feedback.
Lilliana Robinson: Bob, what did you think.
Bob - DubPrime: Yeah, I'm hoping you guys have some really epic music for this first part, cause I felt like that was going through my head as you're breaking it down line by line. I I couldn't tell if it was. Gonna be a set of haikus or not. Honestly
Bob - DubPrime: on the the syllables side. I feel like that
Bob - DubPrime: to me. Feels like a clunky word. Maybe there's like a more poetic
Bob - DubPrime: way that like reaches into somebody that speaks in like, maybe it's speak new truth, or maybe it's
Bob - DubPrime: anything but the word colloquialisms, but like something like that. That's a poetic delivery. And then you said something near the end that raised an eyebrow for me. I think it was. For the love of travel, I think that's actually a company name, and you might need to change that.
Jennifer Loh: That's our tagline.
Jennifer Loh: So.
Bob - DubPrime: Might be a company name Trademark Wise. I'm just saying.
Lilliana Robinson: It's another company.
Jennifer Loh: Hmm.
Bob - DubPrime: I think so.
Jennifer Loh: Lisa, do you wanna add to this? She's at the passport office right now.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah. Lisa has her hand up. Go ahead.
Lisa: Yeah, I I didn't find that. I mean, I'll have a look for it. If that's another company number. I'm curious.
Lisa: because the the advertising. The creative director means like you don't show the bad. You show the good you mentioned the bad
Lisa: because what we really want is people to feel
Lisa: good while you do this, and and not like raise your finger at them, and like, say that that bad so much. But I think you're right, lilliana. I think it's a really important balance to strike.
Lisa: I'm like we do need to mention the problem
Lisa: I was curious about.
Lisa: and my instinct was not to put visuals of that in, because we already all know what that looks like. I feel like we've seen so much of that.
Lilliana Robinson: I don't know, Lisa, because this why, it's important to know your goal like, why I have. You guys start with your goal. If your goal was to get customers, I would say, ship it exactly how it is. Your goal is fundraising, which means you don't need to make people like super feel all good about themselves and want to travel. You need to show the fundraisers. I'm sorry you need to show the investors why this is a problem
Lilliana Robinson: cause there, I don't want them to look at it and think it's like a fluffy, happy travel company that has no morphine, because, like Neil and I have told you guys, everyone's seen 1,000 travel companies. But we believe in you guys because you have this angle that makes it. It hurts like the pain hurt.
Lilliana Robinson: We don't want that to happen. And showing that like, I understand, you won't be able to reuse this video as like promo. Or maybe you'll have to repurpose parts of it for promo for customers. But that's why the goal here is important. Does that make sense.
Lisa: Sleeping.
Jennifer Loh: Love that.
Lisa: Done. Thank you.
Lilliana Robinson: Marys, help!
Marisel Polanco: I think you guys said everything.
Marisel Polanco: but I know it's really hard, because you don't want to point fingers right? Like, I know friends that have done like this elephant tours in Thailand, and they later find out that is terrible right?
Marisel Polanco: And they feel bad about it, and they really didn't know. Like, how do you convey that like? It's a fine line between like pointing fingers is like you shouldn't be doing this and making people feel horrible. But it's like a lot of people more than we think are doing things that they just don't realize it. And the consequence of that like. How do you visually can show that, I think is pretty powerful.
Marisel Polanco: Like, it's, it's almost like, yeah, like. And I'm not pointing fingers because you just don't know. I'm gonna tell you how to do it
Marisel Polanco: because we like. We're giving you
Marisel Polanco: what you need. So you do it responsible.
Marisel Polanco: But without pointing fingers. I don't know if that makes any sense. But you know, it happened to a lot of my friends, and they really. And now they're doing it responsibly, or they're trying to. But they probably could use people like you guys for sure.
Jennifer Loh: Yeah, there was like. So we talked about giving permission to have guilt free travel.
Jennifer Loh: because we're like giving them the right information. We're helping them like we're educating them in an inspiring way. And that's part of our product offering. So maybe it's just when we wordsmith this a little and condense it down. We talk a little bit about it.
Jennifer Loh: You know, like we have your back, not just as a local companion, but also we have your back in in like ensuring that you can
Jennifer Loh: like fully immerse in in a way that's like respectful to the land
Jennifer Loh: and people.
Marisel Polanco: But again, as an ex maybe giving an example of what would that look like might be helpful? Because it's just not.
Marisel Polanco: What are people doing that.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah. And I think that last part needs to be really shortened. Like I said, we're gonna have to move on now.
Lilliana Robinson: because we have only 15 min left. So I wanna try to get through Richelle and Valeria.
Lilliana Robinson: Maybe we'll limit to like 2 pieces of feedback for each. Richelle, why don't you take it away? And we'll see if we have room for Valeria.
Rochelle Dai - PairAnything: Yeah, cool. So our goal for demo day is to get follow up meetings with
Rochelle Dai - PairAnything: potential investors and customers. And possibly like this is new. Vc. Started by whole foods. So maybe retail. But that's I'll touch on that a little later.
Rochelle Dai - PairAnything: So I wanna balance like showing the end users like the users pain. But then also our customers pain point, so starts off with a shopper who's looking in the wine house super overwhelmed like I don't know which one I like. They try using Google. But then it's like, Oh, it's only European food like none of this really appeals to me.
Rochelle Dai - PairAnything: I could look at all the wine labels, but that would take me like too much time, or like I I pull out some. I I still need to look up these numbers. But basically I need to quantify that, like so many people are unhappy with, like the way wine is sold right now, like they're not happy about the wine that they're buying.
Rochelle Dai - PairAnything: and then it switch into like the narrator becomes like, I'm a small winery. This affects me because I'm left in the dark once my wines are in the store. I have no idea how much I'm selling. The retailers are ghosting us. Have some sort of number here like, Oh, this much, this amount of money I gave them is basically like sitting stock, or like, I'm wasting this amount of money investing into that retail store.
Rochelle Dai - PairAnything: And so it's the winery saying, How can I make better sales, forecasts, and learn about my shoppers better than the retail store? And so we added, pair anything. So shoppers scan the QR code in store. This is kind of like the product part. They could find a pairing for any wine and dish, they could share it with their friends.
Rochelle Dai - PairAnything: They buy it in store, and then it shows the shoppers like how their lives are better is that they're at home at like a dinner party. They're enjoying the wine with their friends with like chicken and domo, like a non European dish, like showing like the diversity.
Rochelle Dai - PairAnything: And then the outcome is like for me as a winery. As a result, I see, like percentage of users come back and buy more or like, there's an increase of wine sales, or something like that.
Rochelle Dai - PairAnything: Is there any feedback? Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: A lot of feedback, so I'll let Bob and Nelson go first. So, Bob, you can go first.
Bob - DubPrime: Yeah, I like how you tied to both the customer and the
Bob - DubPrime: your customer the actual business.
Bob - DubPrime: I think
Bob - DubPrime: maybe a bit more on the business side, like towards your goal on Demo Day to get follow-up meetings with folks. Maybe you spend a bit more time
Bob - DubPrime: showing
Bob - DubPrime: like
Bob - DubPrime: the bottom line improvements like increasing cart size. Or speaking to that, I could be wrong, though totally open to to being wrong on this one
Bob - DubPrime: more time there less time on
Bob - DubPrime: I don't know. Maybe more time on happy shoppers, but
Bob - DubPrime: specific, and then move on to like the bottom line improvement.
Rochelle Dai - PairAnything: So short this part where it shows the product and really focus on this last part.
Bob - DubPrime: Yeah, because I was waiting for that as we were getting through the other parts, because you kind of had it zoomed in and I was like.
Bob - DubPrime: I know, I know, who wants to interact with your business from a paying you perspective. And who cares about that is gonna be someone in the audience who you want to give you money to grow your business.
Bob - DubPrime: so maybe more focus on growing the business.
Bob - DubPrime: but like I do see how the narrative of like
Bob - DubPrime: increasing, you know, the ability to put together a good dish by having a better customer. Experience for them is good.
Bob - DubPrime: I'll shut up. I don't know if I'm making a good point.
Lilliana Robinson: I agree with you, Bob. So those like the bottom row the first 3 or 4, those 4 slides need to be probably the exact amount of time that that last slide takes so like you should fly through those like. I could see you kind of doing a montage like now they can find a pairing, and they have friends and show people like clinking, and they can cook this dish and pair it that should be super fast, and then show
Lilliana Robinson: the result for the winerings. Which is way more important. So like touch on the users, really quick. Either just pick one of those things or make a montage very fast. And the rest, that last slide is like the most important thing in this whole video.
Lilliana Robinson: So really focus on that.
Bob - DubPrime: Yeah, you're helping them help their customers reach their goals.
Lilliana Robinson: Zack!
Rochelle Dai - PairAnything: Yeah, I had another question like we were potentially trying to get interest. For, like the Vc. That started by whole foods, which is the retailer, not necessarily like the winery or the end consumer here, right? But here it's like I'm trying to empathize with the retailers. Pain point, which is, the retailers are ghosting them like it's uneven, dynamic like that's really their pain is working with that retailer. But I'm afraid, like, is this too divisive.
Lilliana Robinson: Oh, I see we might have to rework it a bit if your if your end goal is to have the retailers pains be known, but I want to hear what Nelson has to say
Lilliana Robinson: better.
Nelson Mitchell: Sorry dogs going nuts
Nelson Mitchell: So I I like the idea of focusing on the end customer who's using the app as a cause I feel like that's the experience that unlocks the value for downstream. So one of the
Nelson Mitchell: critiques I have of this is that it's trying to talk about.
Nelson Mitchell: like all the different stakeholders in the process, and it like it just is convoluted right? So like, if you focus on.
Nelson Mitchell: I really like the the visual of the person walking into target, looking at all the various brands and and going like, Oh, my God! I don't know what. Maybe they're like holding up like a
Nelson Mitchell: dish or something, and they're like holding the wine they're like, Hmm, right? So like that. That's easy
Nelson Mitchell: to to communicate. And then you're like. And then what you could do is like
Nelson Mitchell: riffing off of
Nelson Mitchell: what the the previous guy did the contrast right? Somebody else walks up. They have their their phone in their hand. They take a picture of the the phone of the wine and then boom, you know, it's like who do match magic match. Right? So like you're you're showing the the confusion you're showing your product as a solution like embodied in the second consumer who's like having that streamlined experience. And then they're walking out of the store while the other person is still like trying to figure out what wine to buy. Right? So
Nelson Mitchell: I think
Nelson Mitchell: that's a strong visual, because you're showing like, will real people actually use this right like cause. You need consumers to use this thing in order to be able to unlock any of the other benefits that you're talking about. But then, if you want to like.
Nelson Mitchell: talk about like
Nelson Mitchell: how
Nelson Mitchell: your app helps all the people that are actually paying for it right? Like the B to B part of the equation. Maybe there's like a Brady bunch slide you could do where it's like our app helps, you know.
Nelson Mitchell: retailers, winemakers, but distributors, whatever, and and consumers, and it's like. And it's like this montage where it's like a picture of them, and then they're one corner and then the other. Picture, the other corner and the other picture the other corner, and you're just voicing over the things. But you're showing how the whole ecosystem sort of benefits from this, like in a really like tight way. So that's
Nelson Mitchell: I I I think that there's a way to touch on. How everybody wins with your product without walking through like this is how the product works, and this, and then they log into this thing, and they see this dashboard. It's like, No, no, just show them being like happy and like
Nelson Mitchell: starts going up into the right, you know and like, and and then you could unpack like how it actually works. Maybe in your QA. Or whatever.
Lilliana Robinson: That's really good, Nelson. I think that's the best way to show this, because this is such a complex little Mini ecosystem within the wine purchasing, and there are so many players, and most people listening are not going to be very well versed in the intricacies there. So that's a really good way to show like, look, we help all the players that are going, and then Christy can dive into it more in the QA.
Lilliana Robinson: We're gonna have to pause there, Rochelle.
Lilliana Robinson: because I need to leave time from our cell.
Lilliana Robinson: But that was a really good start
Lilliana Robinson: myself.
Rochelle Dai - PairAnything: But feedback.
Marisel Polanco: Kevin is presenting sorry.
Lilliana Robinson: Kevin, you're talking.
Kevin: Yeah, you guys can see this screen.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, we can see it.
Kevin: Alright. So we have a script so I can kind of run through that first starting is the the goal for us is to get meetings potential partnerships and raise capital.
Kevin: The beginning of this script before it actually starts is actually gonna be a clip from Danny Meyer speaking.
Kevin: and Danny Meyer, what he's gonna talk about is he's gonna say, it's a very. It's like a 5 s clip. But he says that the most important thing that affects on whether or not a customer comes back to a restaurant is based on how they're made to feel.
Kevin: And then we're gonna go into the script after that and say with a voiceover, but how can restaurants know how to? How can restaurants know how to make them feel when half the time they're too busy to really get to know you. And if they don't know you, how are you supposed to? How are they supposed to bring you back.
Kevin: That's where Gift Graham comes in.
Kevin: Meet Norm, your AI generated restaurant nature date.
Kevin: Norm is going to ask
Kevin: you a few questions to get to know you better.
Kevin: creating your own personalized digital asset profile.
Kevin: Now you can browse and select a restaurant
Kevin: and add funds to start earning benefits.
Kevin: The benefits will be unique to you, based on your profile.
Kevin: No more generic rewards.
Kevin: and the more you dine the smarter norm gets, and the more personalized your service will be with his AI superpowers.
Kevin: You can also browse for limited digital passes from participating restaurants that provide benefits such as priority reservations, mystery menu items, and more to give you that experience that will make you feel special
Kevin: and give the restaurant a way to securely track customer data across the network of restaurants.
Kevin: Norm is helping Gif Graham redefine the way restaurants interact with their guests
Kevin: because simply hearing your name when you're greeted at a restaurant can make a difference.
Kevin: And then Norm saying, Nice to meet you again, Sophia, and then we're thinking about having the Cheer Song play where they say where everybody knows your name.
Kevin: And so that's it.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, I like the story here.
Lilliana Robinson: I oh, Calvin, please share.
Kelvin Alaneme: Yeah, nice one. I think I love this beautiful idea of Norm, and my own is towards the end where you said Nam is helping Gift Graham.
Kelvin Alaneme: So instead of Norm is helping give Graham do that. You can say norm by Giftgram is helping restaurant or helping redefine the way restaurant because I assume Giftgram owns now right?
Kelvin Alaneme: So of gift Gram. So Norm is not helping gift Graham, it's actually helping the restaurant redefining the way restaurants interact with their guest. So you can say, and in the beginning you can introduce it like, you know, enter Num, you know, numb by gift, Graham, or something like that. But I love this new approach is very targeted. Nice one.
Kevin: Cool. Thank you. Kel.
Lilliana Robinson: Can you go back to the start? I wanna go over how well
Lilliana Robinson: we're digging into the pain point here.
Kevin: Yeah, and that was one thing so in the pitch, we're gonna hit a little bit more on the problem and the pain point in the first 30 s pitch, and then we'll go into this just to
Kevin: preface that.
Lilliana Robinson: You said 30 s. So you're cutting your pitch and you're doing a 90 s video.
Kevin: Yes, yeah. Well, not. Yeah. Yeah. That's about right. Think of.
Marisel Polanco: Oh, wait! I'm confused. Are we having I still having 1 min? 1 min.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, 1 min.
Marisel Polanco: Page, 1 min. Video.
Lilliana Robinson: That's what it should be. But Kevin said 30 s. So I was asking if you were doing something.
Kevin: Well.
Kevin: I guess maybe it's longer. Alright, maybe I'm wrong.
Kevin: 45. Okay, okay.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, close to a minute, and then any extra seconds can be shaved off and put on your video.
Lilliana Robinson: I think I want to see a draft of this, and how it all kind of goes together, and then I can give you more feedback. But I don't have as much here because I I need to see your pitch first. If you click, film
Lilliana Robinson: your pitch. Actually, I'll see it at the pitch practice. But if you want to write a script of your pitch and then send me this as a video. I can give you feedback on how they go together. But I think right now I'm looking at half of the puzzle.
Kevin: Yeah, that's true. That's sort of essential. Okay. Yup.
Lilliana Robinson: Just because of how this is. But this is really good. I think it's solid, and I'm I think you're good to go. Just start making it, and then we can iterate from there.
Kevin: Cool.
Lilliana Robinson: I'm happy with the direction this has taken.
Marisel Polanco: I just have a quick question for everyone. Just wanna make sure that we're saying is clear. And I was we were debating. I mean we were debating a lot about explaining so much about the actual app. But I feel like one of the things that we need to show is how it works.
Kevin: Simple.
Marisel Polanco: Cause. It's a lot of people have those questions. And even in the QA. It's not the same as people seeing it.
Marisel Polanco: Then, having that as a question.
Marisel Polanco: Just making sure this like, you guys, is it clear any any feedback on that? That will be? That'll be helpful.
Nelson Mitchell: I think it's a lot of telling, not enough showing so
Nelson Mitchell: it would be nice
Nelson Mitchell: to again.
Nelson Mitchell: But your end customer front and center. So it's like
Nelson Mitchell: somebody
Nelson Mitchell: walking into a restaurant right? Like interacting with the matron d like sitting down, having their favorite dish brought to them.
Nelson Mitchell: like maybe some like conversation in the kitchen like, oh, no, whatever, Allergen, no.
Nelson Mitchell: whatever, you know, so like some of the benefits that you talk about like the restaurant, really knowing you if you could show that playing out.
Nelson Mitchell: And then it's like.
Nelson Mitchell: then you show the product. And you're like this is enabled by gift, Graham and gift. Graham goes boom! Boom! Boom! Right like.
Nelson Mitchell: But but I I I would love to center it on that end. Customer experience.
Nelson Mitchell: And like, if you're showing something that is like.
Nelson Mitchell: you know, you could talk about
Nelson Mitchell: the problem, or you could talk about like the happy solution like, I love this idea of somebody having this
Nelson Mitchell: amazing seamless, like high value, reinforcing interaction, the ideal interaction. Where, then, the next thing is like gift? Graham unlocks all the things that you just saw how
Nelson Mitchell: by this, by this, by this like that could be really compelling. Because then I'm thinking, Oh, yeah, like
Nelson Mitchell: I could. I'm that person in that restaurant.
Nelson Mitchell: If Graham's awesome.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, we're gonna have to cut it there because we're at time. But just closing thoughts for you guys, you're already really far along. So I was very impressed by what we saw today. Very
Lilliana Robinson: solidified concepts. I think everyone who presented today is good to go ahead and start making a first draft of the video. Everyone who didn't present. I would employ you to start a storyboard in the next couple of days. Get some feedback, either from your classmates or my team, and then start making your video. We have about
Lilliana Robinson: 2 ish weeks before we want to start having final final cuts for review in week 11. So really start putting that together.
Lilliana Robinson: You can submit it for Async feedback to me or the whole group whenever you'd like. The next time we'll look at the videos as a group or in small groups are going to be during your one on ones with me and Neil in week 11 before Demo Day. So we actually aren't going to present them as a group again. Until those final approval meetings. So make sure you're just doing it asynchronously, the pitch and the QA. We have sessions for. But this is the only session that we're going to be talking about the video
Lilliana Robinson: so definitely, get that feedback in like, find your own way that you want to receive feedback or just go make it, and then come bring it back. Whatever you want to do. Just I want you guys to understand that you should be working on this on your own, even while we're doing all the pitch. Stop in the QA. So don't let the video be something that you leave to the last minute. I've seen companies do that, and then you're not super proud of it, and it brings down the whole set.
Lilliana Robinson: So just don't forget about this part. It's equally as important.
Lilliana Robinson: great work, and thank you to everyone who participated that was awesome. I loved that we were giving feedback together. Have a great day. I'll talk to you later.